Privacy Policy of 2048



Overview 

This Privacy Policy describes the information collected through our mobile application 2048 (“App”) and how we use that information. 

Our privacy policy is fully COPPA complain! 

There are two types of information we may collect through your use of the App: 

1. "Personal Information" which is the type of information that specifically identifies you personally and/or can be used alone to contact you online or offline, such as your full name, physical address, email address, telephone number, photograph, precise geolocation information (i.e., your specific location), credit card information and, in some cases, user names; and 

2. "Non-personal Information" which is information that does not identify you and cannot be used to contact you personally, including information about you such as your date of birth, age, ZIP code, non-precise geolocation information (e.g., your city), and gender, as well as information about your computer and mobile device, such as your unique device ID, Internet Protocol (IP) address, or other persistent identifiers, and their hardware/software/firmware. Non-personal Information also includes "Usage Data," which is anonymous data tied to your computer and/or device, such as the actions you take within and outside of the App, the date and time of your use of the App, your game progress, play time, score and achievements, and the URLs you visited and/or apps you used before and after using our App. 

Use of the Personal Information That We Collect 

When you download and use our App, we don't require you to provide any personal information and we don't collect any personal information about you, except we collect: 

- if the parents send us an email, then only we collect the email addresses specifically to provide support 

Use of the Non-personal Information That We Collect 

Non-personal Information may be used by us for administrative, analytical, research, optimization, security and other purposes. Specifically, we may use your Non-personal Information to: 

- track your use of our App to help us learn more about your gaming activities to enhance your gaming experience; 

- compile statistics; 

- protect against cheating, crime or fraud, or for other security reasons; 

- determine the jurisdiction in which you are located so we can determine what set of laws apply to you; 

- this data may be used for internal purposes such as personalization of content and contextual (not behavioral) advertising. 

Children / Children's Online Privacy Protection Act 

Our App comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"). We don't knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 in violation of COPPA, and if in the event that a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 through a support request, we will not collect, store or use, and will delete in a secure manner, any personal information of such user. 

We allow users to contact us if they have support questions about use of our mobile applications. If you submit a support request, we may receive your email address and other information you provide related to your support request ("Support Information"). We use Support Information only for the support for the internal operations of our App as provided under Section 312.2 of the COPPA rules effective July 1, 2013. 

We do not knowingly collect or use any Personal Information from children under the age of 13. To the extent we feel that our App is directed to children under the age of 13, we will not collect Personal Information from users of this App. 

If you are a parent of a child under 13 years of age and you believe your child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us and we will delete the information from our system. 

We may collect Non-personal Information, such as a device ID or other persistent identifier linked to the device or computer, which may be used by a child to play our App. The data collected will be anonymous and not tied to any Personal Information. In addition, this data will be used solely for internal purposes such as personalization of content, security, and contextual (not behavioral) advertising. 

Certain of our App may permit in-game purchases, even if the applicable game was free to download. Such purchases do not always require the re-entry of credit card information because they may be made through an existing third-party account. If you are a parent who is concerned about this feature, you may disable the ability to make in-game purchases. 

If you are between the age of 13 and 18, please obtain your parents' permission prior to registering with our Platform or providing us with any Personal Information. 

Information Sharing and Disclosure 

We use Support Information only for the support for the internal operations of our App as provided under Section 312.2 of the COPPA rules effective July 1, 2013. We don't rent, sell or share your email address unless we have your express consent and in the following circumstances: 

(i) We may share your Support Information with our support providers, but only for the purpose of providing support to you. 

(ii) We may share your email address and/or Support Information: (a) to protect the security or integrity of our App, (b) to take precautions against liability; (c) to respond to judicial process, or (d) to the extent permitted under other provisions of law, to provide information to law enforcement agencies or for an investigation on a matter related to public safety; and where such information is not used for any other purpose, all in compliance with Section 312.5(c)(6) of the COPPA rules effective July 1, 2013. 

Policy Updates 

This Policy may change from time to time. We will always keep this up to date so that you know what information we will collect from you, how we may use it, and when we may disclose it. 

Complaints 

You can lodge a complaint with us about any breach of our Privacy Policy through our developer address. 

Last updated 29.4.2016
